Federated identity support (#81)
Azure/kubelogin: README.md

Uses an [access token](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/account?view=azure-cli-latest#az_account_get_access_token) from [Azure CLI](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli) to log in. The token will be issued against whatever tenant was logged in at the time `kubelogin convert-kubeconfig -l azurecli` was run. This login option only works with managed AAD in AKS.

#### Azure Workload Federated Identity (non interactive)

```sh
export KUBECONFIG=/path/to/kubeconfig

kubelogin convert-kubeconfig -l workloadidentity

kubectl get no
```

> Workload identity uses [Azure AD federated identity credentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/federatedidentitycredentials-overview?view=graph-rest-beta) to authenticate to AKS. Using Azure Workload Identity in AKS this works by reading the environment variables `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` and `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST`.

Reviewer: after reading the code, i understand the usage now. so its just a file containing signed token to be federated with AAD

> Workload identity uses [Azure AD federated identity credentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/federatedidentitycredentials-overview?view=graph-rest-beta) to authenticate to AKS. Using Azure Workload Identity in AKS this works by reading the environment variables `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` and `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workload identity uses [Azure AD federated identity credentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/federatedidentitycredentials-overview?view=graph-rest-beta) to authenticate to Kubernetes clusters with AAD integration. This works by setting the environment variables:
* `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, Azure Active Directory application ID that is federated with workload identity
* `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, Azure Active Directory tenant ID
* `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE`, which has client assertion of workload identity (e.g. jwt)
* `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST`, the host of the Azure Active Directory authority
```

> Workload identity uses [Azure AD federated identity credentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/federatedidentitycredentials-overview?view=graph-rest-beta) to authenticate to AKS. Using Azure Workload Identity in AKS this works by reading the environment variables `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` and `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST`.

Author: do you want some more description on this? I added the suggestion you made in another comment
